[creatures squawk]
[stormtrooper] Eyes down, inmate.
Secure the prisoners for transport.
We have a schedule to keep.
[doors close]
-What is going on?
-[pilot] We're under attack, sir.
-[alarm blaring]
-Get us out of here. Jump to hyperspace.
They've taken out our hyperdrive.
Then open fire and notify command.
[laughs]
Well, that definitely got their attention.
Let's make this quick.
Fireball, prep the leech vessel.
We need to board and recover those
prisoners before reinforcements show up.
Why have you stopped firing?
Shoot that ship down!
Our weapon systems are offline.
[groans]
[Fireball] Leech vessel's ready.
[Echo] Launch.
I'm docked. Don't take long.
[pilot]
The ship's attached to the forward dock.
-Security alert. Security alert.
-[alarm blaring]
All troopers, prepare to be boarded.
[door opens]
[clattering]
[alarm continues]
[both grunt]
Hey! Huh? Grenade--
[both groan]
Open it.
We've been breached. [grunts]
Multiple insurgents. We need-- [grunts]
Initiate protocols. Erase the data banks!
[beeping]
[blasters firing]
[grunts]
[Echo] Free Howzer and the others.
Nemec and I will take the bridge.
[grunts]
[blasters firing]
[doors open]
Fireball?
Good to see you, Captain.
Boys, let's get out of here.
[beeping]
[blasters firing]
[clattering]
[grunts]
[grunting]
-[machine whirring]
-[controls beeping]
Where was this ship headed?
Where were you taking those clones?
Get anything?
They were erasing the data banks.
Not sure how much I can recover.
Well, I guess we'll have to get
that intel out of you.
[grunts]
Got the prisoners. Fall back.
Not yet. I'm still pulling
what's left of their files.
-Well, make it fast.
-[alarm blaring]
Their reinforcements are here.
We have to go.
I need more time.
We don't have any. Come on.
-[Echo] Gregor, launch.
-[beeping]
We'll be right behind you.
[Echo, on comm]
We're secure. Make the jump!
On your feet.
[cuff beeps]
Move out.
Good morning, Crosshair.
How are you feeling?
What's it to you?
The doctor is on his way.
Be smart and cooperate,
or he will resort to methods
you will not enjoy.
You've healed quickly,
considering the state you arrived in.
Why am I here?
If you think this is punishment
for shooting your commanding officer,
you're incorrect.
I actually think that shows
quite a bit of initiative.
No. No, you are here because I intend
to give you a clean slate.
And all you have to do in exchange
is tell me how to find Clone Force 99.
They're in possession of something I need.
The kid.
[chuckles] Very good.
You're wasting your time.
They'll never turn her over.
They don't have a choice.
She is a clone
and, therefore, Imperial property.
Help me locate your former squad,
and you will have your freedom.
I don't know where they are.
[grunts]
[groans]
But you know how they think,
how they operate,
contacts they'd reach out to.
Surely you have something useful to share.
Wrong.
[sighs]
-Let's see if we can jog your memory.
-[grunts]
Begin.
[interrogator droid whirring]
[chatters]
[beeps]
-[medical officer] Doctor…
-[Crosshair groaning]
…one of our transport ships was attacked
departing Balmorra.
The prisoners aboard escaped.
[groaning continues]
Inform me when he's ready to talk.
[Crosshair groans]
I don't know how long
we were in that prison.
I went in with eight of my men,
only three survived.
All other prisoners were clones too.
For what crime
were you all being detained?
Dissidence. Questioning
and disobeying Imperial orders.
They were being shuttled off-world
when we intercepted them.
Where were you being taken?
I don't know.
But other groups of clones were
transferred before us, some rotations ago.
And they… they never came back.
We must find out
where that ship was headed.
I recovered a portion of the data logs.
It's heavily encrypted,
but I know someone who can crack it.
Go. I'll take care of things here
and see what else I can find out.
Thank you, Senator.
Be careful, Echo.
[interrogator droid chatters]
[grunting]
[Emerie] That's enough.
[interrogator droid chatters]
Our orders were to not stop
until he talks.
He can't talk if he's dead.
You may secure his restraints.
[stormtrooper grunt]
[groans]
Take a breath. Think this through.
Release me.
You cannot make it out of this facility.
-[panting]
-Not in your condition.
Give me your access card.
It won't get you outside.
But even if you do manage that,
the hounds will find you within minutes.
[groans]
Don't make this worse, Crosshair!
There is no escape.
Lower the blaster.
[panting]
[mouse droid beeping]
[panting continues]
Halt!
[steam hissing]
[stormtroopers grunting]
[grunts]
[controls beeping]
Plan 88.
An unauthorized outgoing transmission
is being sent from terminal three.
[beeping]
Sever the connection and seal the room!
You have to hide. They're after--
[coughing]
[groans]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[doors open]
[inhales deeply] Hmm.
-Having trouble processing the toxin?
-[high-pitched tone]
It's my own special formula.
[groans]
One I've built an immunity to.
You, however, have not.
[tone continues]
[inhabitants chattering]
This friend of yours who's stopping by,
he's another clone?
Yeah, but don't worry.
He's not with the Empire.
If you trust him, that's enough for me.
The new fishing dock's rebuilt and moored.
And I caught some dinner! [laughs]
You've been busy.
You got that right.
Hey, Wrecker. Can we get your help?
We're fortifying the seawall.
Sure thing, boss. [laughs]
He's become an integral part
of this community.
You all have.
Any chance you've reconsidered
staying permanently?
For soldiers, putting down roots
is an occupational hazard.
Is that all you are? A soldier?
[Marauder flying over]
[Shep chuckles] More flying lessons?
Uh-huh. [chuckles]
Tech's got his hands full.
Up! Up! Up, Omega! Pull up!
Copy that.
[laughs] I'm getting better, right?
The collision alarms
haven't gone off once.
Because it shorted out
during your last lesson.
But thanks to my excellent instruction,
and ability to think clearly
in stressful situations,
you are indeed improving.
-[Gonky honks]
-So, what's next?
[sighs] Execute a sharp swing back
to port with zero thruster pull.
The Tech Turn? Really?
Now that is not what it is called,
but I rather like it.
I suggest you proceed
before I come to my senses.
[screams]
-[alarm blaring]
-How was that?
Much better.
[all chattering]
[alarm beeping]
Incoming vessel on approach.
[gasps] It's him.
-[comlink beep]
-[clears throat] Havoc-4, this is Havoc-5.
Do you copy?
[Echo, on comms] Affirmative, Havoc-5.
I see you've been keeping up
with your training.
As promised.
[Echo] Good. Race you to the landing zone?
-I do not think that is a sound idea.
-You're on!
[Tech yelps]
You weren't kidding. This place is remote.
-That has its advantages.
-[Marauder approaching]
I'm surprised you're not
on Ord Mantell with Cid.
We've been reevaluating things.
Echo!
We've missed you!
[chuckles] It hasn't been that long.
Feels like it has.
You mentioned needing some assistance
with data decryption.
This is what's left of the files
I recovered from an Imperial shuttle.
It was transporting clone prisoners,
and we need to know where and why.
[thunder rumbling]
The attack on the prisoner transport ship
is unfortunate,
but inconsequential, Governor.
[Tarkin] Yet still concerning.
If any of the stolen data
has compromised your location--
Various protocols are in place
to ensure that does not happen.
What is a concern is
how the transport was targeted.
I suspect the leak came from a rogue
element of clones still within our ranks.
A growing number
have been questioning their orders.
We've been routing them out.
As I said before,
simply decommissioning problematic clones
will not eliminate the threat.
If you send them to me,
I can deal with them in other ways.
I will expect a full briefing
on your plan at the summit.
You all plan to stay here indefinitely?
We haven't decided yet.
-Here I come! [laughs]
-[Lyana screams, giggles]
[Omega giggles] Too slow!
But, to be honest,
it might be the best thing for us.
What about you? What have you been up to?
Rex and I have built up
a small network of clones.
Some are in hiding, underground.
Others act as our contacts
within the Empire.
Echo, you've seen the power
you're up against.
You can't defeat them.
It's not about that.
It's about fighting for our brothers.
I understand why you're doing this…
[sighs] …but when will it be enough?
[comlink beeps]
[Tech] Hunter, I decrypted the data.
You need to get back to the ship.
[beeps]
The Imperial transport Echo hijacked was
assigned to the Advanced Science Division.
Never heard of it.
That is because it is
a clandestine operation.
There are no records on its location
or its purpose.
All I could find on it
was the chief scientist in charge,
Dr. Royce Hemlock.
An officer expelled
from the Republic science corps
due to his unauthorized
and unorthodox experiments.
Why were they sending
clone prisoners to him?
I do not know, but it gets worse.
Previous transfer records recovered
from the ship's logs
list other clone prisoners detained
by the Advanced Science Division.
And Crosshair is one of them.
You mean Crosshair turned on the Empire?
How sure are you about this?
Very.
After discovering his clone number
on the transfer register,
I checked our old comm channels
and found a recent distress message sent
from Crosshair's old code.
What did it say?
Plan 88. The Seeker.
We are being targeted.
I believe he is warning us.
Or it's a trap,
like he's set for us before.
[Wrecker grunts]
Well, how do we find out?
If your escape attempt didn't clue you in,
the only chance you have of leaving
this facility is if I allow it.
Perhaps now you'd like
to reconsider my offer.
Why suffer more?
All I need is the young clone.
She means nothing to you.
Help me and you'll have your freedom.
[sighs]
Increase his injection level this time.
Let's see how long until you break.
[interrogator droid chatters, whirs]
[whirring continues]
[chatters]
[grunting]
[grunting continues]